## Project Description
Our project entails using IBM Watson for good.

We are using IBM Watson as an artivism tool to aggregate social media posts about campus topics, and have the general “mood” be displayed as an artistic representation on significant parts of campus. 

### Team Roles
- Client Manager: Michael Gu
- Project Manager: Amogh Sharma
- Editor: Greer Glenn
- Chief Architect: Victor Cui

# Technologies
IBM Watson
Twitter API
Mailchimp
Venmo API

# Inspiration - Art + Activism = Artivism
During the Met Gala last year, there was a large designer dress decorated by lights. 
The lights lit up with a color that corresponded to Tweets containing #METGala. All Tweets were analyzed using IBM Watson Sentiemnt Analysis, and the aggregate sentiment was mapped to a color. 

We wish to apply the idea of artistic visual representations based on social media data to campus issues, specifically Silent Sam.

# Potential Ideas
- aggregate tweets related to #SilentSam -> run tweets through Watson Sentiment analysis -> represent the sentiment using lights or physical visual indicator surrounding statue
- show a physical NC map separated by county. Counties light up based on tweets from people from each county. When a certain threshold is reached(visual indicator reaches an extreme), an email is autogenerated and sent to respective legislator with tweet contents
- Venmo integration: when a certain visual indication is reached via Watson Sentiment, send a venmo link to all who've tweeted to enable crowdsourcing donations (to fund BSM, lawsuits against University, etc) 

### Support or Contact

Having trouble with Pages? Check out our [documentation](https://help.github.com/categories/github-pages-basics/) or [contact support](https://github.com/contact) and we’ll help you sort it out.
